Alexis Powell
a) It was difficult to initially install the nachos files, because I wasn’t familiar with ocelot or nachos server. After loading the files, it was easy to run nachos.
b) After executing the second portion of the test demo, the program showcased the lists of machine registers and gave information about pending interrupters.
c) After executing the thread class, it showed that there were two threads that ran five times simultaneously


Franklin Bello Romero
a) Installing Nachos was very straightforward. Luckily, I was already familiar with ocelot and Putty from my Systems Programming class, so I didn’t have a rough time setting it up.
b) I didn’t encounter any issue whatsoever testing
c) The tests from the threads displayed the expected output.


Juan Arias
a) I was somewhat confused installing NACHOS because I did not know where to start. After all, the video used nachos.cs.fiu.edu, while the instruction said to connect to nachos.aul.fiu.edu. However, one of the resources mentioned using ocelot, which I used. Once I was in ocelot, I unpacked and compiled nachos following the instructions, and everything worked out as expected.
b) I had no trouble running the test. I ran the threads, userprog, and single-step mode demo, and the output was the expected output. I do not fully understand the complete details of the tests, so I have to review them some more.
c) The thread class uses a set of functions like fork, finish, yield, and sleep to manage threads. One of the most important ones is fork since it creates the threads that run procedures.


Malcolm Verdier
a) I had experience with putty and ocelot before so that wasn't the hard part but I felt the instructions were a little confusing and all over the place with nachos. 
b) Test all went smoothly as how it was supposed to show
c) The threads showed properly like the example given in the instructions, all numbers were accurate and the structure was accurate.


Peter Llerena
a) The experience was smooth however I needed to get info from other students. The videos and the directions directly from the project were slightly confusing and not very clear to understand.
b) After correcting a few simple errors on my end I was able to run all the tests smoothly and it ran as it should.
c) The threads looped as many times as necessary to see that there were no threads runnable and the program completed.
